about.md, before:

---
layout: text
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

> Non-feminist topics, through a feminist lens.

Things of Interest is hosted by Serena Chen and Sophia Frentz, and is a podcast that encompasses, in its purest form, things that we find interesting. Our discussions often center around technological advancements and how they affect social issues. As two socially-conscious millennial nerds, who better placed to talk about artificial intelligence, leadership, modern dating, the job market, and fandom? Probably no-one.

We’re also both from New Zealand so have beautiful accents that you can put in your ears. Episodes are roughly a half hour long, and come out every two weeks.

> Two nerds, having great chats.

Sophia currently lives in Melbourne, where she is undertaking a PhD in clinical genetics, but has never been able to focus on one thing at a time, so does a lot of non-PhD things. She’s a published poet and writer and chronically ill, queer, and addicted to coffee. You can find her on twitter at [@SophiaFrentz](http://twitter.com/SophiaFrentz).

Serena currently lives in Wellington, where she's creating design systems at [BNZ Digital](https://www.bnz.co.nz). She has two degrees in physics, dabbles in everything from hacking to making things pretty, and has lived in Berkeley for a year which makes her officially cultured. She made this website. You can find her on twitter at [@Sereeena](http://twitter.com/Sereeena).

> Side ~~baes~~ projects.

As two classically easily-distracted sneeple (snake people), we run a lot of projects on the side. Here's a list of some other stuff we do, and where else you can find us, just in case you're interested.

<div class="col-50 f-left" markdown="1">
### Serena

- [HVNGRYMAG](http://hvngrymag.com): an online publication for those wanting more from media.
- She [writes about stuff](https://medium.com/@Sereeena)
- And [talks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWpQDCPc_8E) [about](https://speakerdeck.com/heisenburger/intro-to-design-and-ux-the-good-bits) [stuff](https://medium.com/hvngry-magazine/feminism-is-a-ramp-96796a63c5c7)
- She wrote a [thesis about BECs](https://issuu.com/heisenburger/docs/thesis/7)
- Her [personal website](http://serena.nz)

</div>

<div class="col-50 f-right" markdown="1">
### Sophia

- Her [blog](http://causativecorrelation.wordpress.com/)
- [Collection of media](https://causativecorrelation.wordpress.com/other-media/) she's been in
- [A writeup about her most wonderful scientific haikus](http://www.laweekly.com/arts/a-haiku-meet-up-where-poets-try-to-explain-the-world-in-three-lines-4183872)
- [Her PhD project](http://www.amdf.org.au/amdf-phd-scholarship-sophia-frentz/)
- Her [about me](https://about.me/sophiafrentz) page

</div>
<hr style="clear:both"/>

Cool.

> Don't @ me bro.

Or do. Actually, we'd love to hear from you. Send in your questions, episode suggestions, and general thoughts to [@castinginterest](http://twitter.com/castinginterest)

Even better: record a voice memo of your question / thought / suggestion / observation / etc and email it through to us at [castinginterest@gmail.com](mailto:castinginterest@gmail.com). We might even feature it on our show. Winky face.

Found a bug on this website? Tell Serena to fix it by logging an issue on the [Git repo](https://github.com/heisenburger/thingsofinterest/issues), and she will promise to only procrastinate for two days at most.

Commit message:

add facebook link to about page

about.md, after:

---
layout: text
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

> Non-feminist topics, through a feminist lens.

Things of Interest is hosted by Serena Chen and Sophia Frentz, and is a podcast that encompasses, in its purest form, things that we find interesting. Our discussions often center around technological advancements and how they affect social issues. As two socially-conscious millennial nerds, who better placed to talk about artificial intelligence, leadership, modern dating, the job market, and fandom? Probably no-one.

We’re also both from New Zealand so have beautiful accents that you can put in your ears. Episodes are roughly a half hour long, and come out every two weeks.

> Two nerds, having great chats.

Sophia currently lives in Melbourne, where she is undertaking a PhD in clinical genetics, but has never been able to focus on one thing at a time, so does a lot of non-PhD things. She’s a published poet and writer and chronically ill, queer, and addicted to coffee. You can find her on twitter at [@SophiaFrentz](http://twitter.com/SophiaFrentz).

Serena currently lives in Wellington, where she's creating design systems at [BNZ Digital](https://www.bnz.co.nz). She has two degrees in physics, dabbles in everything from hacking to making things pretty, and has lived in Berkeley for a year which makes her officially cultured. She made this website. You can find her on twitter at [@Sereeena](http://twitter.com/Sereeena).

> Side ~~baes~~ projects.

As two classically easily-distracted sneeple (snake people), we run a lot of projects on the side. Here's a list of some other stuff we do, and where else you can find us, just in case you're interested.

<div class="col-50 f-left" markdown="1">
### Serena

- [HVNGRYMAG](http://hvngrymag.com): an online publication for those wanting more from media.
- She [writes about stuff](https://medium.com/@Sereeena)
- And [talks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWpQDCPc_8E) [about](https://speakerdeck.com/heisenburger/intro-to-design-and-ux-the-good-bits) [stuff](https://medium.com/hvngry-magazine/feminism-is-a-ramp-96796a63c5c7)
- She wrote a [thesis about BECs](https://issuu.com/heisenburger/docs/thesis/7)
- Her [personal website](http://serena.nz)

</div>

<div class="col-50 f-right" markdown="1">
### Sophia

- Her [blog](http://causativecorrelation.wordpress.com/)
- [Collection of media](https://causativecorrelation.wordpress.com/other-media/) she's been in
- [A writeup about her most wonderful scientific haikus](http://www.laweekly.com/arts/a-haiku-meet-up-where-poets-try-to-explain-the-world-in-three-lines-4183872)
- [Her PhD project](http://www.amdf.org.au/amdf-phd-scholarship-sophia-frentz/)
- Her [about me](https://about.me/sophiafrentz) page

</div>
<hr style="clear:both"/>

Cool.

> Don't @ me bro.

Or do. Actually, we'd love to hear from you. Send in your questions, episode suggestions, and general thoughts to [@castinginterest](http://twitter.com/castinginterest). We also have a [facebook page](https://facebook.com/castinginterest), which you should totally follow for related links (usually in the form of comics, let's be honest).

Even better: record a voice memo of your question / thought / suggestion / observation / etc and email it through to us at [castinginterest@gmail.com](mailto:castinginterest@gmail.com). We might even feature it on our show. Winky face.

Found a bug on this website? Tell Serena to fix it by logging an issue on the [Git repo](https://github.com/heisenburger/thingsofinterest/issues), and she will promise to only procrastinate for two days at most.
